202312050954
Status: #journal
Tags: 

# 2023-12-05

### from EMAIL: 
- [x] @due(2023-12-06) REST API fo rthe unfamiliar: is there a slide template [[RESTful API for beginners]] @completed(2023-12-12T15:07:28)


### RDS meeting: 
#### Actions
- [x] Is there a slide template? NO
- [x] Does richard wants to see the slide? YES? or to Margaret and Sarah 

#### Notes
- RO: recruitment for Ammar's role- 40 applications, much stronger field than before 
people are getting worried about 
- The new rules from Rishi Sunnak effectively the end of recruitment at BandD
- looking through FarmOS procedure, and LabNotebook, nice chat with Ephraim, 
- Wendy asking about a LIMS system. they get a lot more expectation with QA, so more looking at LIMS. There is overlap. LabArchive has not got it. A LIMS follows the sample through the system. 
- Set up a lab archive user group? (Aislinn)
- How did the training go? attendance was good, no more training now - getting quiet - trying to get ideas on how to help computer based researchers.  talking to people about how they will be using them. 
- Tegan : another contact from Elementa - the voice thing.  

### datapackaging 147 

- The foldername in wrn20 was lowercase, but the SHORTNAME in eracuration was Uppercase: it does not matter what case is used, but the two have to be the same
- the file name in eracuration was 01-wrn20yield.xlsx but it was 01_wrn20yield.xlsx  in the datadoc repo. I noticed because I pasted teh infor from eracuration and that fdail. I correct in the file system . 
- ValueError: Worksheet named 'fields_metadata' not found >> it was named 'field_metadata' instead so I corrected that 
- KeyError: 'harvest year'
- KeyError: 'sub-plot' - renames to 'sub_plot' for consistency
- KeyError: 'ACB' and the next 4 had a tab before the name
- I corrected foddder to fodder in one of the field names
- corrected note to note_id
- a lot of yield_data were actually called grain_data so I renamed (took me a while to notice that - unexpectd)
- [x] zipped and put back in DataDOC
- [x] run CDATA
- [x] mintall
- [x] update_nath



---
## References
