20240129
Status: #weekly

# 2024-W05



### Action Plan
- [ ] 

### RDS meeting notes  (Tuesdays)

#### Richard
 1. 2 extra pivileges days around christmas
 2. updated visa policy - will allow loan for visa
 3. town hall meeting should not have been cancelled. 
 4. replacement of Amar has accepted - Joining on Thursday - with a bit of handover
 5. discussion about the letter from Angela, 
 6. FJP: we do the data steward FJP together.. 
 7. good work for Aislin submitting grant 
 8. Peter Eastmond successful in grant that has data management support
 9. Updated lab notebook policy document - waiting for feedback - also drafting a research data managmet and also data sharing policy 
 10. Also thinking about Software sharing policy
#### Aislin
 1. ASk Richard join Farm OS call - 
#### Alberto
 1. Managed to have something working - Q: look at all the crops and look at colour coded. Aislin will help. 
#### Tegan
 1. List items
#### Loretto
 1. BBR meeting tomorrow
#### Margaret
 1. List items
#### Sarah
 1. List items
#### Nathalie
 1. Mentioned Russian Robot
#### Ammar
 1. List items

### eRA meeting notes (Wednesdays)

#### Richard
 1. List items mentioned 
#### Margaret
 1. List items
#### Sarah
 1. List items
#### Nathalie
 1. Many d0wnloads of 2287	Anonymous	213.109.202.67	10.23637/rcs10-rltlgrain-01	2024-01-23	LIVE	h963hc	9onfy1	bx02iy	q167cl some with the form filled, and some without - 148 in total - for now, removed and deleted and suggest wait to see if that occurs again or try to make a ! are you ROBOT form? -
    Omer : Do not use Captcha (people are getting sued for GDPR issues) and suggest no need to do anything code wise until it happens again. (I think he means on  the server) He is going to speak to team to check how the IP blocking in happening on the server side of things.  - As per our discussion earlier today :
	    1.  Google reCaptcha needs to be complaints or will be affected with the GDPR .[https://gdpr.eu/fines/](https://eur01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgdpr.eu%2Ffines%2F&data=05%7C02%7Cnathalie.castells%40rothamsted.ac.uk%7Cc3f433031985482cf50708dc2180c303%7Cb688362589414342b0e37b8cc8392f64%7C0%7C0%7C638422084098638152%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C0%7C%7C%7C&sdata=tf2Yp4rhYLimoY3EjorDGt5WsDvz%2FZd5V9iN8FdzAz8%3D&reserved=0)
	    2. Nathalie will have few changes to the code as that happens once on Jan 23 and since the logs seem okay .
	    3. We will find a solution to block unwanted IP such as 213.109.202.67.

---
## References 
