20240115
Status: #weekly

# 2024-W03



### Action Plan 
- [ ] Cookies and Privacy @due(2024-01-19) [[eRA-privacy]]
- [x] update website at least once
- [x] endnote issue (duplicates and 2 versions)
	- [x] compare the two and find duplicate
	- [x] update Biblio
	- [x] looked for DOIs

### RDS Meeting: #RDSmeeting 
- **Richard** 
	- PPDR - endeavour to make a start to see people from next week - probably only review , not knowing about the FJP
	- interviews about AMAR replacement - good field candidates - offered to AZIM - negotiating , He can start quite quickly - works on FARM PLATFORM
	- procedure for Farm-OS - close to something to be signed off - 
	- also some comments about ERN - data-sharing policy and data
	- Now a research policy - lead by Freddie Ethics, and research Integrity - Tim and Mel picked up on repeatability - the is something that can be supported by our work
	- also co-opted in **Science Capability** - lead by Jane Ward - keeping lines of communication
- **Margaret**
	- WERE - 2 papers, and why do we make changes. 
		- Margaret Glendining  - Poulton, P.R. , Powlson, D.S. , Glendining, M.J. and Gregory, A.S. (2024) "Why do we make changes to the long-term experiments at Rothamsted?", _European Journal of Agronomy_, **154**, 127062  **DOI:** [**https://doi.org/10.1016/bs.agron.2023.11.003**](https://doi.org/10.1016/bs.agron.2023.11.003 "https://doi.org/10.1016/bs.agron.2023.11.003")
		- Poulton, P.R. , Johnston, A.E. , Glendining, M.J. , White, R.P. , Gregory, A.S. , Clark, S.J. , Wilmer, W.S. , Macdonald, A.J. and Powlson, D.S. (2024) "The Broadbalk Wheat Experiment, Rothamsted, UK: Crop yields and soil changes during the last 50 years", _Advances in Agronomy - Academic Press)_  **DOI:** [**https://doi.org/10.1016/j.eja.2023.127062**](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.eja.2023.127062 "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.eja.2023.127062")
- **Aislin**
	- Helping Loretto with a couple of 'classical's' - great job documenting changes year on year. also grant submission. How many people will be using it? 
- **Tegan**
	- nothing in particular.  
- **Alberto**: focusing on for Marcello 
- **Loretto** - mostly data from ecology database (Harriet), meeting about Growing Health data. 
- **Me**: 
	- Example of Steve McGrath working with other people from outside organisation in documents. They are using Google Docs. He has problem finding out who does what and keeping track of the changes. Accountability, share, versioning... Is that something that can be done in the ERN? There is a possibility to create word Documents. Not work for ern alternative to use WORD online where there will be training on how to provide training > I passed the info and they can work on that
	- Reported on done the citation, no comment
### eRA meeting notes (Wednesdays)
### e-RA catch up #eRAmeeting 
#### Sarah
- Feeling really down. 
- paper shows micro plastics in Broadbalk even in NIL PLOT: where are they coming from? microplastics
- some requests 
- Used Obsidian to do the markdown and like it! 
- juggle a TODO list? which dataset to do? PG will be the quickest, would be nice to have that done. 
- mingle for the LTEs start to being organised
#### ME
- [ ] @due(2024-01-19) continue the Privacy work to check cookies: compare the policy with what I do
- [ ] @due(2024-01-19) Make new ERN for e-RAdata2024
- [x] Mint DOIs. 
- [x] ask about Market Garden??? 
####  Margaret
- updated the rbk1 to add nutrition content of the farmyard manure - took a while because updated the wrong one. 
- discussion about datasets or experiment to curate
- ECT talk about changes to experiments

#### Richard
- Question for the datsets you have been prepared: please me know which have been publised in response to a request from an ISP? 
- [x] add ISPs to the request form @due(2024-01-19): 
	- Green Engineering
	- Resilient Future Farming
	- Delivering Sustainable Wheat
	- Growing Health
	- AgZero+


---
## References 
