202403071659
Status: #journal

# 2024-03-07


## Morning Purge: 

### How are you?

I was tired this morning, took Thom to work and then read a long time. It is late, but I am decided to do my 5 hours, or at least to get me to the 15 hours mark by the end of the day. I also have a few house jobs to do which will get me out and about! 
Today., I would like to finish the FA!
### Action Plan
- [x] Emails
- [x] Deferred - Urgent
- [x] Task List
- [x] continue in FA:  [http://tinyurl.com/e-RAweb-funders](http://tinyurl.com/e-RAweb-funders)
--- 
## The Day: 

I have entered the data for the funders. 
The next step is to amend the db2json23 to enter that information in the json files that fill in the pages. 

- I have done a big regig of the funder in db2json23 as it was badly coded. 
- I have also updated the code for the web site, but only in the BASSET formation - I am waiting to update the code for M and S before I change the code in the intranet. 
BTW, Things to remember: 
- move the dev work onto BASSET for goods, 
and also 
- [ ] GIT the web site, (it is not being versioned at the moment)

---
## Review: 
### Highlight of the day  
copy to ERN Lab Archive what needs to be copied
I have updated that page as I went alog: I still think I would find it easier to write here: I don't like that it keeps logging me off, that the app is a bit combersome to use.
I would prefer draft here, and then copy over to the relevant page in the notebook. 

The formating is better here and also I can have the taks lists and so on 
The task lists can be in the TEAMS as I go along! 
Ayway, 
It was a good day. 

  
## Evaluation  

### Small wins  
  
### lessons

### People who helped me


---
## References
