202402081022
Status: #journal

# 2024-02-08


## Morning Purge: 

### How are you?
Yesterday, there was a lot of input then I spend the rest of the day in a frenzy trying to tackle too many tasks together, so running the risk to forget what I have done and worried that I have not done it. I got distracted at work by demands coming from the others. 
Too many ways the inbox is filling up and I am a bit lost in this workflow. 
I get comments on work in TEAMS, TEAMS-Planner, replies to teams planner tasks by emails that do not go back to cards. 
Shoul I manage my inbox via here?
### Action Plan
- [x] Emails
- [ ] Deferred - Urgent
- [ ] Task List
--- 
## The Day: 
- got stuck because not knowing where to start. I think i am over reporting considering that I also report in Clockify. 
- Teams on my other notebook has decided not to open! that is annoying - restart machines! 

TO DO LIST for the funders. 
**TODO**: 

1. [x] - Add a field for the Aknowledgment Wording-
2. [x] : SQL the fundings and the datasets associated with them
3. [x] The ones that are missing need to be added to the database.
4. [x] : Check that the funding information in the readme of the datapackage is taken from the metadata and not the spreadsheet. : it is  so we are OK
5. if changes in the metadata mean that I need to repackage the datasets - Do not do the old one. Just the new ones. In future, ensure that all the metadata is correct before packaging. 
6. [ ]  the 14 ones that have this new funding need to be repackaged. 
7. [x] **add to FJP** if the datapackager was saving in a folder structure similar to the metadata folder, as in in experiments/datasets folders, then it would be a lot easier, and we could even consider making it more automatic - make a update all package... Like having a function that would run the packager on all the isready, frictionless datasets and build them in a folder - we can then copy over! 
8. [ ] Modify the db2json to add the aknowledgment text (note that the field needs to be compliant with google schema as to not break it) 
9. [ ] add the extra line to if there is this comment, then put that instead o fht elink,
---
## Review: 
### Highlight of the day  
copy to ERN Lab Archive what needs to be copied
  
## Evaluation  

### Small wins  
  
### lessons

### People who helped me


---
## References
