202403011034
Status: #journal

# 2024-03-01


## Morning Purge: 

### How are you?


### Action Plan
- [x] Emails
- [ ] Deferred - Urgent
- [ ] Task List
--- 
## The Day: 
Richard asked if I could mentor **@Luke** and work on the NWFP until he is up to scratch in doing it. I am happy about that. What does this entails? I am grateful fo rhte vote of confidence in my technical ability and mentoring ability ! He is asking me to mentor someone!!! that is amazing. [North Wyke Farm Platform | Rothamsted Research](http://resources.rothamsted.ac.uk/farmplatform) 

### timetable
might do an extra 2 hours a week to incorporate NWFP - See how that works. 


Why am I asking for 2 more hours? because I have problems organising myself and eel already at a push. 
I can try for a few weeks or months to see how that works. :) 
patterns? 
Every day: so that I can be responsive to the team: so have a login on Monday and Friday too. do a long day when coming to Rothamsted. ( a 6 or 7 with Lunch in between) - Friday is finishing the week off. 

2, 5, 5, 6, 2


LARAVEL is great for big project - 
Things to put in place for a project: 
Wireframing: (Project drafting)
ERN: making notes, major decisions
GIT: project management, team work and versioning
LARAVEL: TALL: Tailwind, Alpine, Livewire, Laravel, with Filament
This will have a lot of manual pages: 
	HTML or Markdown
	What can be put in a db? 
	The filament back end can help maintain the front end pages - 
Defining the entities: 
	



Static sites using jigsaw: like #laravel  , but lighter. 
https://jigsaw.tighten.com/ : Jigsaw is a framework for rapidly building static sites using the  same modern tooling that powers your web applications.

https://www.honeybadger.io/blog/markdown-laravel/ : #markdown

ordered some [[2024 - yorktest health tests]] 

worked on the privacy policy 
see termly

---
## Review: 
### Highlight of the day  
copy to ERN Lab Archive what needs to be copied
  
## Evaluation  

### Small wins  
  
### lessons

### People who helped me


---
## References
