20240205
Status: #weekly

# 2024-W06



### Action Plan
- [ ] 

### RDS meeting notes  (Tuesdays)

#### Richard
 1. supposed to be in HR strategy group 
 2. welcome to Hazem - first full week will be replacing ammar - on NWFP - will be working with TEGAN
 3. there is a BBSRC institute culture fund! To improve coordination, collaboration around institutes - could we use that, travel fact finding about ELN - deadline very tight - Could also be with NERC? Research culture as a whole. 
 4. see what other institutes are doing with Protocols.io too 
 5. PPDR and FJPs - going on ok. 
#### Aislin
 1. Last week geography
#### Alberto
 1. Not much 
#### Tegan
 1. Example Notebooks are mostly done. - see Lab Archive  - as soon as copy things, links are broken! 
#### Loretto
 1. ?
#### Margaret
 1. Not much - 
 2. update Woburn lay arable - taking a bt longer than expected. 
 3. succesion planing - lab notebook are important
 4. RO >>  HR: researchers should be using LN for documenting
#### Sarah
 1.  leave last week - 
 2. weather datasets, summary - 
 3. mel gerrard asked to review 
#### Nathalie
 1. Continued GDPR issues with the web site and 
 2. eradoc admin - and edits
 3. Do we need someone to help out doing data entry?
#### Melina
 
 1. met with Smita, shown Protocols.io, rush to use tablet, liked the tablet. Might be a success story,... 
 2. chat about tablets for users 
#### Ammar - Hazem
 1. Lives in Coventry - will be there tomorrow
 2. was working in Warwick UNI 
 3. Work in agriculture for quite a while, 

#### Ammar 
1. deployed something:) 
2. 
### eRA meeting notes (Wednesdays)

#### Richard
 1. List items mentioned 
#### Margaret
 1. List items
#### Sarah
 1. List items
#### Nathalie
 1. List items to report 

---
## References 
