202403121019
Status: #journal

# 2024-03-12


## Morning Purge: 

### How are you?
I feel good today, with a bit of doubt again, following the PhD symposium that Roth is a good place for me> they are doing CRISPR. I also got involved in genetic manipulations before and am feeling guilt.  

### Action Plan
- Check my calendar: nothing today - Tomorrow, we have to got to Roth for seminar
- Inbox filtering (urgent and important): 
	- tony, met data problem - checked and no problem
	- [x] SQL the downloads. 
	- [x] add ? to the web form - update site
- Then check in Tasks, Deferred, for things to do 
--- 
## The Day: 
- export OA data - done
- [[GIT and GITHUB]] Trying that on a test one then to make one for Basset - eRA2023 : I am looking at the best way to version eRA2023 - I think I 'll do it from BASSET
	- in BASSET, 
		- git init
		- added a gitignore file that includes the config.inc file and references folder 
		- git add -A  # takes a lot of time 
		- git branch -M main
		- git remote add origin https://github.com/Rothamsted-Ecoinformatics/eRA2023.git
		- git push -u origin main
		- -- that failed because of large files so I removed the images/metadata folder and did the same again
		- this lists the files tracked ```
```bash
git ls-tree --full-tree -r --name-only HEAD
``` 

I tried this ```
```bash
git rm --cached -r .; git add .; git status; git commit -m "Ignore unwanted files"
```

- Doing so, i found a folder with references and that intrigued me. Some are in eradoc and some are not. not even in the ENDNOTE

---
## Review: 
### Highlight of the day  
- we received the SAD news of the death of dear Steve Laidler. We are in shock
- I put eRA2023 in GITHUB : I got stuck a while with the large files. 
- 
	- [ ] Document GitHub - eRA2023 in ERN 
	- [ ] Make a TOC in the ERN for eRa web site
  
## Evaluation  

### Small wins  
  - learnt a bit more of GIT
  - GIThub has nice hints to make these repos. No need to panic

### Lessons
- make .gitignore before adding files. 
- If all goes pear shape, remove the .git repo and start again! 

### People who helped me


---
## References
